Diagram: Add Overview (#7528)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Diagram/05 Overview/05 Elements.md

<img src="/images/diagram/diagram-elements.png" alt="Diagram elements"/>

> 1. [Toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/mainToolbar/)

Reviewer: We can also show the [contextToolbox](**url**)

Reviewer: And [historyToolbar](https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/historyToolbar/)
even though we have main toolbar here

2. [Toolbox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/toolbox/)
3. [View Toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/viewToolbar/)

> 4. [Diagram Page](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/pageSize/)

Reviewer: We should update or decide if we want to keep it at all - https://js.devexpress.com/React/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Diagram/Diagram_Tools/

Please make a decision about this page

5. [Shape](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Interfaces/dxDiagramShape/)
6. [Connector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Interfaces/dxDiagramConnector/)
7. [Properties Panel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/propertiesPanel/)

> 8. [Properties Panel Button](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/propertiesPanel/#visibility)

Reviewer: After the image I'd like to add the section with more details about business use cases 
Compare with texts from other product landings

> “It supports creating flowcharts, organizational charts, mind maps, and BPMN charts either through code or a visual interface.” 

> Our Diagram Control allows you to replicate many of the capabilities found in Microsoft Visio and introduce information-rich diagrams, flow charts, and organization charts into your next Windows Forms project.

An example of such a list for us:
- Business processes (workflow diagrams, BPMN-like diagrams) 
- Organizational charts (company structures) 
- UML / ER diagrams 
- Architecture diagrams and flowcharts 
- Graph visualization (objects + relationships) 
- Custom editors (e.g., site map editor or mind map)

<img src="/images/diagram/diagram-elements.png" alt="Diagram elements"/>

1. [Toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/mainToolbar/)
2. [Toolbox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/toolbox/)
3. [View Toolbar](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/viewToolbar/)
4. [Diagram Page](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/pageSize/)
5. [Shape](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Interfaces/dxDiagramShape/)
6. [Connector](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Interfaces/dxDiagramConnector/)
7. [Properties Panel](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/propertiesPanel/)
8. [Properties Panel Button](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDiagram/Configuration/propertiesPanel/#visibility)

> You can use the DevExtreme Diagram component to create and edit diagrams of varied types, including the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the DevExtreme Diagram component to create and edit a variety of diagrams, including:
```
